DOC: Update documentation after work on templates. (#34)
pcdshub/pcds-ci-helpers: README.md

commands:

```yaml
version: ~> 1.0

env:
  global:
    # doctr generated secure variable for documentation upload
    - secure: "<your secure here>"
    # enable the usage of versions menu which allow versioning of the docs
    # pages and not only the master branch
    - DOCTR_VERSIONS_MENU="1"
    # Dependency files used to build the documentation (space separated)
    - DOCS_REQUIREMENTS="dev-requirements.txt requirements.txt"
    # Options to be passed to flake8 for package linting. Usually this is just
    # the package name but you can enable other flake8 options via this config
    - PYTHON_LINT_OPTIONS="my_package"

    # The name of the conda package
    - CONDA_PACKAGE="my_package"
    # The folder containing the conda recipe (meta.yaml)
    - CONDA_RECIPE_FOLDER="conda-recipe"
    # Extra dependencies needed to run the tests which are not included

>     # at the recipe and dev-requirements.txt. E.g. PyQt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # in the recipe or CONDA_REQUIREMENTS. E.g. PyQt
```

Reviewer: We should also make a point of using the 'test requirements' section in the recipe for this, right?

Author: I believe that the tests-requirements section at the recipe will only be used when building the package and running the tests section.

Author: Sorry, I accepted the suggestion and github marked it as resolved...

Reviewer: What I mean to say is, if we need extra packages to run the tests, that should be captured in the recipe. Just because we make the 'tests' section only do imports (or sometimes nothing at all), doesn't seem to be important.

There could then be a `conda install ... $(get_test_deps_from_recipe recipe-path.yml)`, obviating the need for this env var entirely.

Reviewer: (unresolving so we can discuss this a bit more)

Author: @klauer I agree and it makes sense!
Looking at the conda documentation I could not find an easy and available way to fetch this dependency list from the recipe.. we may need to roll out our own way.
But I did find something that looks interesting there for the future sometime:
https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda-build/en/latest/resources/define-metadata.html#downstream-tests

Reviewer: Sounds good. I think `pcdsutils` can be fairly easily used here: https://github.com/pcdshub/pcdsutils/blob/b713949e0e5a3ebce0805dd3e70f089089596e23/pcdsutils/requirements.py#L91

We could vendor such functions in our ci-helpers to not require installing pcdsutils, perhaps.

Author: I will address that in another PR... a new issue was opened to keep track. #35

    - CONDA_EXTRAS="pip pyqt=5 happi"
    # Requirements file with contents for tests dependencies
    - CONDA_REQUIREMENTS="dev-requirements.txt"

    # Extra dependencies needed to run the test with Pip (similar to
    # CONDA_EXTRAS) but for pip
    - PIP_EXTRAS="PyQt5 happi"

jobs:
  allow_failures:
    # This makes the PIP based Python 3.6 optional for passing.
    # Remove this block if passing tests with PIP is mandatory for your
    # package
    - name: "Python 3.6 - PIP"

import:
  # If your project requires X11 leave the following import
  - pcdshub/pcds-ci-helpers:travis/shared_configs/setup-env-ui.yml
  # This import enables a set of standard python jobs including:
  # - Build
  #   - Anaconda Package Build
  # - Tests
  #   - Linter
  #   - Documentation
  #   - Python 3.6 - PIP based
  #   - Python 3.6, 3.7 & 3.8 - Conda base
  # - Deploy
  #   - Documentation using doctr
  #   - Conda Package - uploaded to pcds-dev and pcds-tag
  #   - PyPI

>   - pcdshub/pcds-ci-helpers:travis/shared_configs/standard-python-conda.yml

Reviewer: I like this being the default, recommended option. 

Could we also have a section that lists the other (currently) available options like you had before?

Then for users they can simply delete the unneeded commented out lines (or change to using them).

Author: Great idea! I will add them back in.

Author: Addressed via https://github.com/pcdshub/pcds-ci-helpers/pull/34/commits/9c24f3c803c480d26d9eed14f7e753b690bc29c0

    - PYTHON_LINT_OPTIONS="source --verbose"
```

#### shared_configs/python-tester-conda.yml
`python-tester-conda.yml` runs any pytest tests it finds after installing the
specified requirements via conda.
The current test matrix includes Python 3.6, 3.7 and 3.8.

> This job uses the `worspaces` named `conda` for the `noarch` package built

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This job uses the workspaces named `conda` for the `noarch` package built
```

    - PYTHON_LINT_OPTIONS="source --verbose"
```

#### shared_configs/python-tester-conda.yml
`python-tester-conda.yml` runs any pytest tests it finds after installing the
specified requirements via conda.
The current test matrix includes Python 3.6, 3.7 and 3.8.

> This job uses the workspaces named `conda` for the `noarch` package built
> before by the `anaconda-build.yml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This job uses the workspace named `conda` for access to the `noarch`
package previously built by the `anaconda-build.yml`, and thus must be
used in conjuction with `anaconda-build.yml`.
```

##### usage:
This configuration can be added to the `test` stage of a Travis build by
importing it in your `.travis.yml`:
``` yaml
import:
  - pcdshub/pcds-ci-helpers:travis/shared_configs/python-tester-conda.yml
```
##### arguments:
Test requirements files can be specified by assigning values to

> `CONDA_REQUIREMENTS`. `CONDA_REQUIREMENTS` defaults to `dev-requirements.txt`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`CONDA_REQUIREMENTS`, which defaults to `dev-requirements.txt`.
```

If no requirements are necessary, the file can be blank.
Additional test dependencies can be specified via the `CONDA_EXTRAS` variable.

> The package name must be informed via the `CONDA_PACKAGE` variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The package name must be defined using the `CONDA_PACKAGE` variable.
```

> Additional dependencies not specified at the requirements files above can be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additional dependencies not specified in the requirements files can be
```

passed to the install process via the `PIP_EXTRAS` variable.

``` yaml
env:
  global:
    # The name of the conda package
    - CONDA_PACKAGE="my_package"
    # The folder containing the conda recipe (meta.yaml)
    - CONDA_RECIPE_FOLDER="conda-recipe"
    # Extra dependencies needed to run the tests which are not included
    # at the recipe and dev-requirements.txt. E.g. PyQt
    - CONDA_EXTRAS="pip pyqt=5 happi"
    # Requirements file with contents for tests dependencies
    - CONDA_REQUIREMENTS="dev-requirements.txt"
```

#### shared_configs/python-tester-pip.yml
`python-tester.yml` runs any pytest tests it finds after installing the
specified requirements via PIP using Python 3.6.

##### usage:
This configuration can be added to the `test` stage of a Travis build by
importing it in your `.travis.yml`:
``` yaml
import:
  - pcdshub/pcds-ci-helpers:travis/shared_configs/python-tester-pip.yml
```
##### arguments:
Requirements files can be specified by assigning values to `REQUIREMENTS` and
`DEV_REQUIREMENTS`. `REQUIREMENTS` defaults to `requirements.txt` and
`DEV_REQUIREMENTS` defaults to `dev-requirements.txt`. If no requirements are

> necessary, the file can be blank.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
necessary, these files can be blank.
```

Additional dependencies not specified at the requirements files above can be
passed to the install process via the `PIP_EXTRAS` variable.

``` yaml
env:
  global:
    - REQUIREMENTS: requirements.txt
    - DEV_REQUIREMENTS: dev-requirements.txt
    - PIP_EXTRAS="PyQt5 happi"
```

#### shared_configs/docs-build.yml
`docs-build.yml` runs through the build of the package's documentation to
ensure it works properly.

> After building the documentation it is available via the `workspaces` named

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After building the documentation it is available via the workspace named
```
'workspaces' was unquoted above so I'm changing it here for consistency. If you'd rather have it quoted, change the instance in python-tester-conda.yml instead.

`docs` which is used by the `doctr-upload.yml` later on for upload.
As of now, the docs build task uses a conda environment since not all of our
dependencies are available through PIP. This can be revisited in the future
once the packages are correctly available.

##### usage:
This configuration can be added to the `test` stage of a Travis build by
importing it in your `.travis.yml`:
``` yaml
import:
  - pcdshub/pcds-ci-helpers:travis/shared_configs/docs-build.yml
```

##### arguments:
- One or more docs requirements file can be specified by assigning a value to
  `DOCS_REQUIREMENTS`, which defaults to `docs-requirements.txt`.
- The folder containing the documentation can be specified by assigning a value
  to `DOCS_FOLDER`, which defaults to `docs`.
``` yaml
env:
  global:
    - DOCS_REQUIREMENTS="dev-requirements.txt requirements.txt"
    - DOCS_FOLDER: docs
    - CONDA_EXTRAS="pip pyqt=5 happi"
```

### Deploy Jobs

#### shared_configs/anaconda-upload.yml

> `anaconda-upload.yml` uses the `workspaces` named `conda` to leverage the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`anaconda-upload.yml` uses the workspace named `conda` to leverage the
```
Same as above. I guess there are more instances of `` `workspaces` `` than `workspace`. Your choice

> pre-built package and speed up the upload task.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pre-built package and speed up the upload task. Thus, this script must be
used in conjunction with `python-tester-conda.yml`
```

This task uploads the package to the `pcds-dev` channel on Anaconda Cloud.
If the build was triggered by a tag, the package will additionally be uploaded
to the `pcds-tag` channel.

##### usage:
This configuration can be added to the `deploy` stage of a Travis build by
importing it in your `.travis.yml`:
``` yaml
import:
  - pcdshub/pcds-ci-helpers:travis/shared_configs/anaconda-upload.yml
```
##### arguments:
This configuration will only run if `CONDA_UPLOAD_TOKEN_DEV` is defined. This
token can be obtained from anaconda.org by anyone with write permissions to
the `pcds-dev` organization. It should then be added to the Travis build from
the Environment Variables section of the repository's setting on travis-ci.org.
To upload to `pcds-tag`, the same must be done with `CONDA_UPLOAD_TOKEN_TAG`.

#### shared_configs/doctr-upload.yml
`doctr-upload.yml` uploads the package documentation to GitHub Pages using

> `Doctr`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Doctr`. This uses the docs built by `docs-build.yml` and shared through the
`docs` workspace and thus, requires that `docs-build.yml` is also used in
your Travis configuration.
```
